under 17 boys FC Milwaukee was two and
one and drama 291 0 and 2 followed by FC
Delco and Ray al colorado national one
of the biggest crowds of the day with
circle field seven an estimated three
thousand fans we're looking on to see
who would finish out on top and claim
the Don Greer cup for the under-17
national championship joking graph
tipped in a ball that was delivered for
Andromeda from the 6 yard line in the
59th and the goal would hold until
Milwaukee's Alex friends scored in the
88th off a direct kick that was inches
from the box bren spent the ball around
the wall and ultimately beat the keeper
there would be a number of chances
during the final minutes of regulation
but the match would need overtime to
decide the champion Zachary funk who hit
a post late in the 2nd half 3rd for
andromeda in the 92nd minute and the
texas-based crowd erupted as it looked
like their side would hang on to win
with time winding down Stuart Brown
would have a chance and score in the
hundred and fifty two momentarily break
the hearts of the Andromeda faithful and
tied the score for a second time
penalty kicks would be needed to
determine the winner
in pk's Andromeda's mark s3 would come
up big stopping two of the four shots on
goal to take the 4-2 win and the
national championship we never got this
far before and I was kind of shocked for
a second and I now know my team got to
me and I feel real